Update configuring-teams-calling-quickstartguide.md (#7109)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/configuring-teams-calling-quickstartguide.md

To ensure that incoming VOIP and PSTN calls always land in a user's Teams client, update the user's coexistence mode to be TeamsOnly (which means, assign them the "UpgradeToTeams" instance of TeamsUpgradePolicy.  For more information on coexistence modes and TeamsUpgradePolicy, see [Migration and interoperability guidance for organizations using Teams together with Skype for Business](./migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype.md)

**NOTES**

>  - Skype for Business IP phones will receive calls, even if the user is in TeamsOnly mode, if the IP phone has the mix mode aviliable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Skype for Business IP phones will receive calls, even if the user is in TeamsOnly mode, provided the IP phone has Mixed mode available.
```
